


【美食殿】は、シェフィが大人コッコロに対して必ず赤ちゃん化する問題を解決しようとしていた。そして幻境竜后の勢力や、今後の戦いについて話し合う中、突如として【ウォーロック】が交渉を持ちかけてきた。=The [Gourmet Guild] was trying to solve the issue where Shefi always reverts to a baby when facing adult Kokkoro. While discussing the Illusory Dragon Empress’s forces and the battles ahead, [Warlock] suddenly approached them with a proposal for negotiations.

【ウォーロック】は幻境竜后に対抗するため、ぺコリーヌと手を組もうとしていた。不満を隠さないフレイヤ。一方、謎の『卵』を大事そうに見つめる幻境竜后。卵の正体とは……？=[Warlock] sought to join forces with Pecorine to oppose the Illusory Dragon Empress. Freyja, however, could not hide her dissatisfaction. Meanwhile, the Illusory Dragon Empress gazed fondly at a mysterious “egg.” What could its true nature be…?

【美食殿】と【ウォーロック】の交渉が始まった。だがフレイヤのアストライアへの怒りは深く、両陣営に刃を向ける。混迷の中、さらにグルーヌイが『ゲーム・チェンジ』を宣言。ミロクと覇瞳皇帝が出現した。=Negotiations between [Gourmet Guild] and [Warlock] began. However, Freyja’s deep anger toward Astraea led her to turn her blade against both sides. Amid the chaos, Gurunui declared a “Game Change,” and Miroku along with the Overeye Emperor appeared.

覇瞳皇帝とミロクの乱入で戦闘は激化。ぺコリーヌは正義に悩むも、犠牲を出さぬ決意でフレイヤを退ける。だが事態は収拾せず【美食殿】は撤退。グルーヌイはロランドを傀儡とし、ヤトガミに致命傷を与えた。=With the sudden intervention of the Overeye Emperor and Miroku, the battle intensified. Though troubled over what justice meant, Pecorine resolved to avoid casualties and drove Freyja back. However, the situation remained unresolved, forcing [Gourmet Guild] to retreat. Gurunui turned Roland into a puppet and dealt a fatal blow to Yatogami.

竜の神殿で、幻境竜后とミロク、グルーヌイ、覇瞳皇帝が対面。互いに腹を探り合いながら、不可侵の同盟を結ぶ。しかし幻境竜后は覇瞳皇帝を警戒し、リーザへ監視を命じるのだった。=At the Dragon Temple, the Illusory Dragon Empress meets with Miroku, Gurunui, and the Overeye Emperor. While cautiously probing each other’s intentions, they form a non-aggression alliance. However, the Illusory Dragon Empress remains wary of the Overeye Emperor and orders Liza to keep watch.

キャルはギルドハウスから一人抜け出し、覇瞳皇帝と密会。覇瞳皇帝との取引を拒否し、強くなるため力を奪おうとするキャル。そこへリーザが乱入。戦闘中、キャルは覇瞳天星──未来予知の力に覚醒し始めた。=Caryl slips out of the guild house alone to meet secretly with the Overeye Emperor. Refusing his offer, she attempts to seize his power to grow stronger. At that moment, Liza interrupts. During the battle, Caryl begins to awaken the power of “Overeye Celestial Star”—the ability of future sight.

みんなと共に生きる──キャルは強い想いを胸に、覇瞳天星の力でリーザへ肉薄。リーザは裏切ったことに心を残しながらも撤退する。一方、死んだかに思われたヤトガミが、水面下で暗躍を始めた。=“To live together with everyone”—holding that conviction, Caryl closes in on Liza using the power of Overeye Celestial Star. Though burdened by her betrayal, Liza withdraws. Meanwhile, Yatogami, who was thought to be dead, begins to move in the shadows once more.